# BAIS-3300-week7-hw

This project is a web form app I created to survey University of Iowa students. The form asks them about their identity on the first page, then about some of their favorite sports on the second.

My web form does a very good job of conforming to best practices. Based on what we learned in class, there are certain aspects of inclusivity to have in a web form. In my question that asks about gender, it meets the required gender options that should be provided in a form. This includes: male, female, non-binary, and decline to answer. It is important to have at the minimum these options because it gives everyone, regardless of identity, an option that can classify them.

My web form also performs best practice when it comes to inclusivity of race and ethnicity. It includes required race categories including: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and White. When complying with best practices, it's also important to ask ethnicity clarification questions to suit other cultures that might have to identify as black or white, but don't think that those race designations suit their identity. To comply with this, the ethnicity option of Hispanic or Latino, or not is asked.

One of the questions on the first page of my web app asks about sexuality. To conduct best practice in this category, it is important to include a multitude of sexual orientations. Listed in this web form include: Heterosexual, bisexual, gay or lesbian, I use a different term , or I don't know. Providing all of these option is a very inclusive practice that gives everyone an option they can feel comfortable selecting. Most people thing of just gay or straight when considering sexuality, but the extra answers provided allow for a much larger variety of potential orientations.